Linked in - https://www.linkedin.com/in/garrett-corbin-7a7777227/


Full Name - Joseph Garrett Corbin

Email - jgarrettcorbin@gmail.com

Phone - 804-399-1576

Current Company - Currently between jobs



Linked in URL  - https://www.linkedin.com/in/garrett-corbin-7a7777227/

Twitter - https://twitter.com/platevoltage

GitHub URL -  https://github.com/antieatingactivist

Portfolio URL - https://jgarrettcorbin.com


Are you legally authorized to work in the US? - yes

Will you now or in the future require sponsorship? - no


Location - Oakland, California

How did you hear about this position - Current employee, Leslie Patino


References - 
Kelly Ann - kelly_ann@apple.com
Claire Hart - Claire.hart@capitalone.com
Sheila Bailey - Sheila.bailey@zimmerbiomet.com


Where are you in your search and what's your ideal start date? - I am currently searching for work and am available to start as soon as needed.


What are your pronouns? - He/Him



------Cover Letter----

July 25th, 2022
Leaf Group

Dear Hiring Manager,

I would like to express my interest in becoming a part of the team at Leaf Group. Both my partner and I always try to go the route of supporting smaller artists and creators when it comes to purchasing new items. Being a part of a company that makes this a possibility for more people, both on the consumer and producer end, is something that would keep me excited to be productive and make the common goal of the team a reality.

I entered the workforce in automotive repair, learning highly valuable and transferable problem solving skills along the way. As time went on I gradually moving towards more computer oriented roles such as my role automating a wood pellet plant. Through some of the solutions I was able to implement, the plant was able to be more efficiently run by 50% fewer people. I was able to develop a custom GUI solution using a web-based app to monitor critical machinery located several dozen feet away from the operator, letting them spend more time at their station. 

My long time knack for computers and software development along with my effort to formalize my skills at UC Berkeley Extension has supplied me with the tools to take my career to the next level. I believe that my knowledge of of the MERN stack, and my willingness to use unfamiliar technologies when needed, gives me an edge when it comes to this front-end web development position. I enjoy building software that serves a purpose, but the most rewarding part for me is making the user experience as enjoyable as possible. 

Thank you for your time and I hope you consider taking a look at some of my work. I think it will speak for itself.

Sincerely, 
Garrett Corbin


--------------------------------




Gender - Male
Race - White non hispanic or latino
Veteran Status - I am not a veteran

Location - USA